#91: improve description of the tests with addiitonal hints (#130)
commjoen/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge9-gcp_hint.adoc

You can solve this challenge by the following steps:

1. Dig through terraform.tfstate with Trufflehog:
- After you have build the infrastructure following the instructions in the README of the `gcp` folder, stay in that folder and run `trufflehog3 --output=terraform-infra.json --format=json .`
- Now, open the terraform-infra.json file and start looking for the password.

> 2. Find the secret in Google Secretsmanager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Find the secret in Google Secret manager:
```

- Login to the Google https://cloud.google.com/[cloud] with the account with which you created the WrongSecrets setup.
- Get the data from wrongsecrets1

3. Find the secret by exec-ing into the POD
- Make sure you have Kubectl installed as defined in the README.MD & make sure kubectl is configured to send commands to the right cluster.
- Now do `kubectl get pods`. Here you see all the Pods active in the namespace you are in, which is for this app normally `default` (unless otherwise specified by your administrator/trainer).
- Now for your instance of the WrongSecrets pod, do `kubectl exec -it secret-challenge-<rest of the name of the pod from the prev.step> -- /bin/sh`.

> - Now examinate the data which you can find in `/mnt/secrets-store`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Examine the data which you can find in `/mnt/secrets-store`
```
